\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl Verilog Installation
@c %**end of header

@c This file is included by autoconf.texi and is used to produce
@c the INSTALL file.

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)

This is the Verilog Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 2000 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@world.std.com}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file, with the
exception that it cannot be placed on a CD-ROM or similar media for commercial
distribution without the prior approval of the author.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package provides functions to support writing utilities that use
the Verilog language.  See @samp{man Verilog::Language} and @samp{man vrename}
after installation.

Included is @samp{vrename}, a program for renaming signals, modules,
and parameters across many verilog files at once.

Also included is @samp{vpm} to convert macros that look like pli calls,
such as $info, into different Verilog code.  This enables programs like
Verilint and Synopsys dc_shell to ignore the macros (as they ignore pli
calls), but have the simulator do something special with them.

For example:

@example
      $info (0, "Welcome to a VPMed file\n");
@end example

becomes

@example
      ... $write ("[%0t] -I:example.v:0012: Welcome to a VPMed file\n",$time); ...
@end example

where the filename and line number of the message have been added along
with the timestamp.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip Verilog-Perl_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf Verilog-Perl_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of Verilog has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.5.1
@item sparc-sun-sunos4.1.4
@item i386-linux
@end itemize

It should run on any system with perl.

@node Installation,  , Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this INSTALL notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure Verilog for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile Verilog.

@item
Type @samp{make test} to check the package.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@item
Type @samp{rehash} to make the new @samp{vrename} command visible.

@item
Look at @samp{test.pl} to see how to use @samp{vpm} in your build methodology.

@end enumerate


